Serial interface help

-Purpose
This application allows the download and the upload of a
P2-type PGM image of size 352x288 pixels using the serial
port.

-Usage
The application is divided into 3 section: 1) Setup serial
connection to the FPGA board, 2) Download image to the
FPGA board, and 3) Upload image from the FPGA board. The
functionality of these three sections is explained in
the following.

1) Setup serial connection to the FPGA board:
In this section you can setup the connection to the FPGA
board. The FPGA board needs to be connected and the FPGA
needs to be configured in order for the application be
able to interact with the serial port.

All the serial ports are listed in the drop-menu at the
top of this section. By pressing the button 'Refresh list'
you can update the entries of the list in case you connect
new devices.

Once you have selected the serial port of your board you
can test if the FPGA board is connected to the selected
serial port by pressing the button 'Test port'.

By pressing the button 'Clear entire memory content' you
can clear the entire FPGA board memory content (reset all
entries to 0).

2) Download image to the FPGA board:
In this section you can open a PGM image by pressing the
button 'Open...' and download it to the FPGA board by
pressing the button 'Download image'. The download takes
about 7 seconds and the status is shown in the progress
bar.

By pressing the button 'Show image', you can see a preview
of the download image. The button 'Reset' of this section
resets only this section of the application.

3) Upload image from the FPGA board:
In this section you can upload a PGM image form the FPGA
board by pressing the button 'Upload image' and save it to
a file by pressing the button 'Save...'. The upload takes
about 7 seconds and the status is shown in the progress
bar.

By pressing the button 'Show image', you can see a preview
of the uploaded image. The button 'Reset' of this section
resets only this section of the application.
